com/javatodev/api/repository/MedicineRepository.java
 com.javatodev.api.repository.MedicineRepository
com/javatodev/api/controller/MedicineController.java
 com.javatodev.api.controller.MedicineController
com/javatodev/api/model/request/Review.java
 com.javatodev.api.model.request.Review
com/javatodev/api/exception/EntityNotFoundException.java
 com.javatodev.api.exception.EntityNotFoundException
com/javatodev/api/model/request/Auth.java
 com.javatodev.api.model.request.Auth
 com.javatodev.api.model.request.Auth$UserRole
com/javatodev/api/controller/ReviewController.java
 com.javatodev.api.controller.ReviewController
com/javatodev/api/controller/DoctorTimeSlotController.java
 com.javatodev.api.controller.DoctorTimeSlotController
com/javatodev/api/model/request/Favourite.java
 com.javatodev.api.model.request.Favourite
com/javatodev/api/repository/FavouriteRepository.java
 com.javatodev.api.repository.FavouriteRepository
com/javatodev/api/model/request/DoctorTimeSlot.java
 com.javatodev.api.model.request.DoctorTimeSlot
com/javatodev/api/repository/DoctorRepository.java
 com.javatodev.api.repository.DoctorRepository
com/javatodev/api/repository/ReviewRepository.java
 com.javatodev.api.repository.ReviewRepository
com/javatodev/api/repository/PatientRepository.java
 com.javatodev.api.repository.PatientRepository
com/javatodev/api/model/request/Blog.java
 com.javatodev.api.model.request.Blog
com/javatodev/api/controller/PrescriptionController.java
 com.javatodev.api.controller.PrescriptionController
com/javatodev/api/util/JwtGenerator.java
 com.javatodev.api.util.JwtGenerator
com/javatodev/api/service/DoctorTimeSlotService.java
 com.javatodev.api.service.DoctorTimeSlotService
com/javatodev/api/service/FavouriteService.java
 com.javatodev.api.service.FavouriteService
com/javatodev/api/service/DoctorService.java
 com.javatodev.api.service.DoctorService
com/javatodev/api/service/PrescriptionService.java
 com.javatodev.api.service.PrescriptionService
com/javatodev/api/service/AppointmentService.java
 com.javatodev.api.service.AppointmentService
com/javatodev/api/model/Author.java
 com.javatodev.api.model.Author
com/javatodev/api/repository/AppointmentRepository.java
 com.javatodev.api.repository.AppointmentRepository
com/javatodev/api/service/AuthService.java
 com.javatodev.api.service.AuthService
com/javatodev/api/repository/ContactMessageRepository.java
 com.javatodev.api.repository.ContactMessageRepository
com/javatodev/api/repository/DoctorTimeSlotRepository.java
 com.javatodev.api.repository.DoctorTimeSlotRepository
com/javatodev/api/model/request/Prescription.java
 com.javatodev.api.model.request.Prescription
com/javatodev/api/service/BlogService.java
 com.javatodev.api.service.BlogService
com/javatodev/api/controller/PatientController.java
 com.javatodev.api.controller.PatientController
com/javatodev/api/model/request/Author.java
 com.javatodev.api.model.request.Author
com/javatodev/api/service/ReviewService.java
 com.javatodev.api.service.ReviewService
com/javatodev/api/controller/ContactController.java
 com.javatodev.api.controller.ContactController
com/javatodev/api/service/LibraryService.java
 com.javatodev.api.service.LibraryService
com/javatodev/api/repository/PrescriptionRepository.java
 com.javatodev.api.repository.PrescriptionRepository
com/javatodev/api/controller/BlogController.java
 com.javatodev.api.controller.BlogController
com/javatodev/api/repository/AuthorRepository.java
 com.javatodev.api.repository.AuthorRepository
com/javatodev/api/SpringBootMongoDbApplication.java
 com.javatodev.api.SpringBootMongoDbApplication
com/javatodev/api/model/request/Doctor.java
 com.javatodev.api.model.request.Doctor
com/javatodev/api/repository/AuthRepository.java
 com.javatodev.api.repository.AuthRepository
com/javatodev/api/service/PatientService.java
 com.javatodev.api.service.PatientService
com/javatodev/api/controller/FavouriteController.java
 com.javatodev.api.controller.FavouriteController
com/javatodev/api/model/request/Patient.java
 com.javatodev.api.model.request.Patient
com/javatodev/api/repository/BlogRepository.java
 com.javatodev.api.repository.BlogRepository
com/javatodev/api/controller/LibraryController.java
 com.javatodev.api.controller.LibraryController
com/javatodev/api/service/ContactMessageService.java
 com.javatodev.api.service.ContactMessageService
com/javatodev/api/model/request/ContactMessage.java
 com.javatodev.api.model.request.ContactMessage
com/javatodev/api/model/request/Appointment.java
 com.javatodev.api.model.request.Appointment
com/javatodev/api/model/response/Response.java
 com.javatodev.api.model.response.Response
com/javatodev/api/controller/DoctorController.java
 com.javatodev.api.controller.DoctorController
com/javatodev/api/model/request/Medicine.java
 com.javatodev.api.model.request.Medicine
com/javatodev/api/service/MedicineService.java
 com.javatodev.api.service.MedicineService
com/javatodev/api/controller/AppointmentController.java
 com.javatodev.api.controller.AppointmentController
com/javatodev/api/controller/AuthController.java
 com.javatodev.api.controller.AuthController
